README.md, before:

# Sunny's Kirby Starter

A Kirby CMS boilerplate with Vite for a nice development experience.

# Get started

Install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
composer install
npm install
```

Start up your dev environment (fires up a PHP server at `localhost:8000` and enables Vite):

```bash
npm run serve
npm run dev
```

Build your optimized assets to `assets/bundled`:

```bash
npm run build
```

Deploy:

```bash
npm run deploy  # to be implemented
```

## Vite 

I only use Vite for its nice live reloading and easy out-of-the-box asset bundling. I do not want it to take over the entire project structure. So I kind of tweaked a default set-up to get out of my way and to keep this project more readable in the future, when Vite is replaced by the next thing.

So I moved the src files to `assets/src` and just use the `index.js` in the root folder as an entry point.

```
assets/
├── bundled/          # Built files (generated by Vite)
├── src/              # Source files for development
│   ├── css/
│   └── js/
└── static/           # Static assets (fonts, icons, external libraries)
```
Source CSS and Javascript are inside `assets/src`. These get bundled and optimized by Vite and get built to `assets/bundled`. Static assets (fonts, icons, external libraries) are inside `assets/static`.

Commit message:

mention arnosons plugin and starterkit

README.md, after:

# Sunny's Kirby Starter

A Kirby CMS boilerplate with Vite for a nice development experience.

# Get started

Install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
composer install
npm install
```

Start up your dev environment (fires up a PHP server at `localhost:8000` and enables Vite):

```bash
npm run serve
npm run dev
```

Build your optimized assets to `assets/bundled`:

```bash
npm run build
```

Deploy:

```bash
npm run deploy  # to be implemented
```

## Vite 

I use the [Kirby Vite plugin](https://github.com/arnoson/kirby-vite) and borrowed some things from the [Kirby Vite Starterkit](https://github.com/arnoson/kirby-vite-basic-kit).

I only use Vite for its nice live reloading and easy out-of-the-box asset bundling. I do not want it to take over the entire project structure. So I kind of tweaked a default set-up to get out of my way and to keep this project more readable in the future, when Vite is replaced by the next thing.

So I moved the src files to `assets/src` and just use the `index.js` in the root folder as an entry point.

```
assets/
├── bundled/          # Built files (generated by Vite)
├── src/              # Source files for development
│   ├── css/
│   └── js/
└── static/           # Static assets (fonts, icons, external libraries)
```
Source CSS and Javascript are inside `assets/src`. These get bundled and optimized by Vite and get built to `assets/bundled`. Static assets (fonts, icons, external libraries) are inside `assets/static`.
